I'm Judy hi Jen
well welcome to friends of heaven I'm
pastor Wayne yeah I lost my fiancee
eight weeks ago this is really subtle
sorry one minute we were hitting dinner
and oh my gosh she was on how do you
forgive someone who hits your husband
with their car and then drives away
leaving him to bleed to death on the
side of the road how do you forgive that
feel free to call me we can not sleep
together
thank you
what no just for me into my life I guess
we're not sane doing the same stupid
[ __ ] that everybody says and does it's
just
makes you feel more alone than you
already are you know shall I come over
nope because I'm coming to you what and
I'm pulling up right now
[Music]
to help you
here's Steve Judy doesn't live here
anymore she does know we broke up two
months ago her fiance is not didn't die
two months ago but I did lose him
because he broke up with oh my god that
is not thus he broke up with me because
we really wanted to have kids and we
tried and we tried for years and I
couldn't I just kept having miscarriages
I'm sorry that I said you didn't belong
you you've lost a lot too
welcome to what to come and stay with us
oh that's very generous but you don't
have to take pity on me just because I'm
a 41 year old barren woman sleeping in
an assisted living facility
forget your troubles come on get happy
why are you looking for Judy I'm Judy
ma'am
we're here to inform you that a
temporary restraining order has been
placed on you
barring you within a hundred feet of
Steve you stalking him oh not really so
what is it just like a light stalking
I've called him a bunch of times and he
didn't answer so I showed up at his
office I want the gun mm-hmm what gun
dad's gun okay well it is in the safe
and I do not have the combination I
appreciate you making room for me yeah
appreciate you telling me about the
storage place
[ __ ]
here
[Music]
I should probably talk about Ted's
birthday tomorrow
he must be hard on you I'm a rack
actually I'm okay but of course I can't
Ted was my only son that was my only
husband's yes wife he's white we hid and
I befriended her and I've been trying to
tell you they keep shutting me out
why would you think this is actually
about the car you called me about the
other day
what about it someone took a golf club
to it did they who did it who did it who
did it
I did it I destroyed that Corvette I saw
the guys speeding and he could have hurt
someone and then Jen was so upset you
know what's your missus man you're
trying to get caught mm-hmm then please
you don't have to follow every impulse
[Music]
bark what Steve's pulling his house off
the market like I need that [ __ ] right
now you're moving back in there I really
wanted to tell you this morning but I
don't want this whole thing with Bambi
came up dead your boyfriend he was I
don't really know what he is now how
long were you dating maybe not that long
like a year and a half
holy [ __ ] I'm sorry Ted he's dead Judy's
not coming back I mean it's not like you
ever let her live in this house to begin
with
dad he told Bambi that you were dead
breast cancer and that he was raising
the kids all along
mrs. Nick Hynek he's a cop
a detective actually you ever saw the
hit-and-run
yes your son's been dealing drugs oh my
god oh sorry about everything that you
went through was fighting Henry's dad I
bet that was really scary for you
okay police open up
Charlie hard hey
all right here we go the [ __ ] is this
where did you get this gun charlie that
stole it from Grandma
safety is all chat with Shandi about the
morning she found Ted's corpse this is a
body hand it over
she took a little souvenir what is that
I think it's maybe from a Hitler
you're welcome good morning to you why
am i welcome what am I looking at that
is a piece of the car that killed Ted
hard evidence that I procured what are
you doing here some piece of the car
what he's Hawking gene she has a piece
of our car she's putting it through the
scanner No
right you dismantle it you break it down
to the component parts you dump them in
three different junkyards in Mexico and
poof the cart is gone
keep driving clients away you scare
people you scare me
so what is happening here right now are
you breaking up with me just
professionally they found the make and
model of the car that killed Ted what
uh-huh and that was Nick and he's gonna
get me a list of every registered owner
of that kind of car in Orange County is
this ethical harassing people because
they're on a list it's not unethical
when I hurt anybody just casually
tracking down people on finish' mustangs
I broke up with a guy that I'm seeing
okay
because he's not you it's a virus and
because I think I might be pregnant
I'm not sorry I never will be
this job isn't for me Lorna it's for the
boys they are craving stability and
electronics the detective came by the
gallery today started asking questions
about me last night if he was down for
this it is you you were driving
you were the criminal I'm the only
eyewitness she said we're in this
together well outside a man from Judy
Hale Steve wood are responsible for the
Harding hit and run I have something to
tell you something that
Steve what does the moneylender a money
launderer tax evader he's a shell
company it's called TKG arts it's a
gallery and frankly some of the stuff is
pretty good but mostly he uses it to
funnel money for his international place
wasn't that road because he didn't want
to spend another second in this house
with me I killed him no I hit him right
I hit him okay what are you six Mustang
didn't see a bend in the road and I
typed too fast and I thought if I could
just somehow make it up to you if I
could help you somehow or if I could be
your friend you can die
[Music]
mrs. Harding hi Judy Hale killed my
husband yeah she confessed it to me and
how much were you looking to withdraw
today from the joint account all of it
please she was here earlier and she what
she what she closed the account you were
in the car
[ __ ] you [ __ ] you she was driving she
did it
what did you say huh okay after she hit
him what did you say don't remember okay
you're leaving my house right now Jesus
[ __ ] I'm a good guy Jen no you're not a
good guy
[Applause]
hello Judy I need you to come home
you